♪ ♪
Gene, what are you doing?
Why are you opening
the cash register?
-[Gene] Found the pickle!
-[Tina] Dang.
I thought
that was a good hiding spot.
Kids, please don't put a pickle
in the cash register.
I-I shouldn't
have to say that.
Dad, that attitude's not
really in
the spirit of Hide the Pickle.
Do you think maybe
you could play a different game?
Or not play a game
and just help?
Also, maybe you shouldn't call
-the game Hide the Pickle.
-Why?
What's wrong with
Hide the Pickle?
Well, it-- Uh, never mind.
Hey, Sergeant Bosco.
Are we under arrest? Ha-ha.
-Oh, God, are we?
-Not as far as I know.
So, Bob, how's things?
I'm actually doing pretty good.
Listen, Bob, let me
just interrupt your rambling
and cut to the chase here,
I need you to teach me
how to be a burger cook
for an undercover operation.
-[others gasp]
-Uh, what?
You'll be compensated
for your time,
and you and your family will be
anonymous and unconnected
to this investigation
in every way.
-W-Wait...
-Undercover operation?
I'll take this one, Dad.
Yes, Sergeant Bosco, we are
one hundred percent in.
Ooh, undercover.
Who you going after? The mob?
Or a bunch of naughty surfers,
like in that movie
where Keanu Reeves
gets all mad and shoots his gun
up in the air?
He probably killed
a bunch of birds.
Investigating officers
aren't allowed
to divulge details of the case
to citizens who assist
in officer training.
Well, I'm sure you can tell us,
since we're part of
this investigation now.
-N-No, we-we're not.
-You can't back out now.
-We're in too deep
-[Bob] Tina...
If you can't tell us
anything, then,
darn, I think
we might be too busy to help.
Guess you'll have to find
another burger restaurant.
Ugh, bummer.
-
I don't want to have to find
another restaurant.
I already did the paperwork
for this one.
-Yeah...
-[sighs] Okay, fine.
Just don't tell the chief
I told you.
The guy we're going after
is a veteran thief.
Jewelry, uncut gems, art.
And he's got a crew.
They just pulled a job.
I mean, we think it was them.
But we don't have a smoking gun.
That's where you come in, Bob.
This guy, Vincent Bartos,
he's got a burger joint.
-Really?
-It's a front.
Lots of bad guys have fronts.
They launder money through 'em.
Garages that don't fix any cars,
crappy restaurants
that don't have any customers.
-Dad, are we a front?
-Louise.
But get this,
our guy, he's starting
to take his burger place
a little more seriously,
actually trying
to make good food.
-Dad, you should try--
-Yeah, yup, Gene, thank you.
He fired his last line cook
and he's advertising
for a real, legit,
experienced burger cook.
We got a warrant to
send me in undercover.
I have a job interview
in a week.
I don't get it.
You're gonna
make burgers for the guy
until he confesses?
No. We know the restaurant's
a meeting place for his crew.
Anything I overhear while
working there is admissible.
We pull him in, we prosecute.
Oh, and, uh, my undercover
name is Joe Josephs.
That way I only have
to remember the one name.
Um... Is this guy dangerous?
No. I mean, maybe
he's cut off a few fingers
in the past of people
-who have double-crossed him.
-[Bob/Linda] Oh.
As one does.
-Maybe. Unconfirmed.
-Hmm.
Relax, Bob,
it's only dangerous for me.
But if my cover gets blown
and I get killed,
it will be mostly your fault.
For not doing
a good job preparing me.
But no pressure.
-Great.
-Mm...
And to repeat,
you will remain anonymous
and unconnected in any way.
I sent in a fake résumé
with fake references.
And as far as Vincent knows,
I worked at a place
in Long Island
called Grillsville,
which is no longer there.
He called the number
I gave for reference,
and he got my buddy Mack,
who's a cop
and who's amazing at accents.
Wh-What accent did he do?
I don't know.
Italian or something.
-Why Italian?
-'Cause Mack's Italian.
So he's just doing
his normal voice.
I'm just saying,
my backstory's covered.
I just need to learn
how to tie my apron
and twirl a spatula,
or whatever burger guys do.
-Um...
-Come on, Dad.
-[Louise/Tina] Please!
-Please, please, please!
-[kids] Please!
-[Bob sighs]
-Okay, I-I'll teach you.
-[kids] Yay!
How many weapons
do we each get? Ten?
You're gonna need wigs.
Everybody go get their wigs.
[Bob]
Okay, uh, so...
Meat goes on the grill?
Yeah.
[chuckles] Yeah.
I'm just, uh, trying to think
how to teach this.
-Uh, Bob?
-Yeah?
You know everyone knows
how to cook a burger, right?
Everyone has a grill.
Everyone makes burgers.
My neighbor makes burgers
every weekend,
and he is by far
the dumbest guy I've ever--
Yes. I-I know.
Everyone makes burgers.
But in a restaurant,
it's all about consistency.
Can you make a good burger
20 times in a row?
Money-- will people
give it to you?
[Bosco]
Totally. That's great.
Um, are you looking
at men's bathing suits?
Yes. When the new suits
come out,
I like to see what's available.
-I need you to listen.
-Ugh, fine!
Hey, teach me the lingo.
That'll be good.
How do you say, "Cheeseburger,
rare, hold the onion"?
Uh, I mean, just like that?
No, no, you should say
something like,
um, "Burn one, bloody,
yellow blanket, no tears!"
Or, "One brown round,
no crown in the mouth,
then flush it down."
"One hot, single beef boy,
-no wedding ring."
-Kids, come on.
Sometimes I call
French fries spud buddies.
Linda, can you make them
do things out there?
Right, right, right.
Kids, go, work.
-[Gene] Mm.
-Ooh, ooh! What if you say,
"One Patty LaBelle, not so well,
-no smell"?
-Oh, that's good.
Thank you, Lin.
Helpful.
So all of these went on
at different times, right?
We need to keep track
of each one.
When to flip,
when to take it off,
which of them are rare,
-which are med--
-[Bosco] Oh! The nozzle
-of the ice cream maker.
-What?
-[Louise] Nope.
-Sergeant Bosco, you can't play
-Hide the Pickle with my kids.
-What?!
I mean, stop playing that game
with them.
-Louise, stop. We're busy.
-[Louise] Fine!
-All right. Okay.
-What's his dill?
♪ Joe Josephs, Joe Josephs ♪
♪ You're under arrest ♪
♪ He plays Hide the Pickle
the best ♪
♪ Joe Josephs, Joe Josephs ♪
♪ This burger training's
putting him to the test ♪
Long day.
No lunch break?
No. We're a lunch place.
It would be pretty hard
to take a lunch break.
-Order up.
-All right. You know what?
Let's see what you've learned.
You make it.
-Oh.
-I make it?
-Yup. Go ahead and make it, Joe.
-Who's Joe?
Isn't that the cover name
you told us to call you?
Oh, right. You, uh,
you just said it weird. So...
-make it myself?
-Yes!
The thing you wanted me
to teach you.
That I've been
trying to teach you all day.
-Make a burger!
-Oh, wow. The big show.
You've been training
for this your whole life
for a couple hours today.
You can do it, Sergeant Bosco.
-Maybe.
-Okay.
Uh, first I...
put a patty on the grill?
-Yes.
-Nailing it.
-Where are they again?
-In the-- in the fridge.
The meat's in the fridge.
So, you're gonna...?
Take it out?
-Yes, and...
-Cook it?
Yes, and...
Cook it real good.
-[disappointed groans]
-Season the patty. Right?
When it goes on the grill,
season the patty.
Okay, okay,
you didn't tell me that.
I told you five times.
You weren't listening.
You were playing
Hide the Pickle!
I thought that was part
of the training!
-It should be.
-[sighs]
You said you needed to learn
how to pass as a burger cook!
I told you to teach me
some of the lingo.
Seasoning! There. That's lingo!
It's a super cool
restaurant word.
-"Seasoning."
-That's not cool.
But it can be spicy.
[chuckles] Sorry.
You're not gonna fool anyone.
They'll know you're lying.
They'll know you're a cop.
You're gonna be in danger
and when they have your funeral,
I'm gonna go and tell everyone
that I tried
to teach you how to put
salt on a patty,
but you never listened!
Fine, I quit!
[grunting]
How do you untie this apron?
-Aw...
-[phone ringing]
What is it?
Oh, oh, hi, Chief.
Really? No.
No, it's fine. Uh, I can do it.
That was the chief.
The job interview got moved up.
It's today at 3:00 p.m.
-What?
-So, uh,
what were you saying
about seasoning?
I was saying
sometimes it's spicy.
Oh, oh, oh, you meant, um...
O-Okay.
The interview's today?
We were supposed to have a week
-to teach you.
-I don't know, Bob,
apparently the guy called
and said we could move up
the interview to today,
and my chief thinks if I say no,
he'll hire someone else,
so I'm going.
He moved the appointment
to today?
What if you have plans?
Yeah, like learning
how to cook a burger
so you can go undercover
as a burger chef.
The chief wants me to go, but,
uh, that still leaves us, um,
ten minutes?
So... teach.
Good, this time.
Are you looking at my hands?
-Um...
-'Cause parts of 'em
might get chopped off, or...?
-The finger parts?
-Is it better to spend
-this time making fake fingers?
-Stop it.
-You're freaking me out.
-Okay, okay.
Uh, oh, God. So, um...
All right, there's not enough
time to make you not bad
at cooking burgers.
I-I think we just need
to teach you how to fake it
so you can get
through this interview.
Then, if you actually
get the job,
we can start trying
to teach you again.
-Bob, ten minutes.
-All right. I guess,
just act like
the old-timers do.
Those guys don't read any blogs.
They don't even like cooking,
I don't think.
So, just say,
"I just do it how I do it.
I don't know
all the fancy words."
I like that!
I don't know how to do it.
I just do it how they...
How you do it!
-What? No.
-But close enough though, right?
Feels right.
I don't know all the words.
I just do it how I do it.
Whoa. I just believed that.
I'm a burger guy, I'm not trying
to make a big blog show.
Ugh. Lost me.
Wait. No. Still works.
-Yeah.
LINDA:
Bob, you okay?
You've been doing that for...
not too alarming
an amount of time.
Maybe he's finally
getting serious about wiping.
-I'm not there yet.
-Uh, I'm just...
We haven't heard from Bosco,
and I'm very, very,
very nervous about it.
Because of the whole
"if he doesn't seem
"like a real burger chef,
then they'll know he's a cop,
and his fingers
might get chopped off" thing?
-Yes, Tina.
-Got it.
Ugh! This is the not fun part
of undercover work, being
with your even-more-than-usual
stressed-out dad.
I should be
at that thief's restaurant
butterfly-knifing
all over the place.
But instead, I'm here
looking for the pickle,
which is right here!
-Damn.
-I'm sure Bosco is fine, Bob.
Not hearing from him
could be a good thing.
Maybe it's going great, and-and
they're ha-- they're just--
they've just been shaking hands
and nodding
for the last 30 minutes.
-[phone rings]
-[Bob gasps]
-Hello?
-Whoa.
-That's an intense
greeting, Bob.
-Oh. Hey, Teddy.
I-I thought
you were someone else.
Sometimes I do too, Bob.
Anyway, I missed lunch
'cause the job
I'm on is taking forever.
But I'm gonna make it
for an early dinner.
I'm really craving
a burger right now.
I'm getting the shakes,
which is not good
because I'm on a roof.
-Uh-huh.
-I-I just want to make sure
Mort wasn't in my seat.
-What? What?!
-I know it's weird.
I-I mean, I like the guy.
It just bugs me if I'm not there
and Mort's in my seat.
-He's got his own seat.
-Yeah, Mor-Mort's not here,
Teddy.
-Did he tell you to say that?
-No.
No. Teddy, I-I got to go.
Would you just put something on
the seat so no one sits in it?
-Like a menu or a hat?
-Mm. Yup, yup.
-[door bells jingle]
-Hi. Welcome to Bob's Burgers.
-Let me get you a menu.
-Actually, you know what?
I think I know what I'm getting.
I'll have the Burger of the Day.
The, uh,
-Your Swiss Is On My List
burger.
-You got it.
I've been meaning
to try this place for a while.
I'm hearing really good things.
Uh, Bob, you want to stop wiping
and, uh, go do a burger?
Huh? Oh. Sorry. Uh, I'll-I'll
get that started for you.
So, New Burger of the Day
every day, huh?
Oh, uh, yeah.
He doesn't feel the same way
about underpants.
-Louise.
-It's unfortunate.
Well, it's good to challenge
people's expectations, right?
About the burgers,
not the underpants.
Ha. Yeah.
Uh, yeah, thank you.
Ugh! There's nowhere else
to look! Where is it, Louise?
And don't say
it's in your stomach
'cause you two made it
very clear
we weren't allowed
to eat it... anymore.
Sorry about them.
They're playing Hide the Pickle.
It-It's a game where they...
hide-hide a pickle,
and then, they find it.
He knows, Dad.
It's literally in the name.
I'm gonna use the bathroom
real quick, or I can hold it
if, uh, there's a pickle
in there that needs finding?
-We've checked. There isn't.
-[door bells jingle]
-Bob, we have to talk.
-Bosco. You're okay.
You're alive!
Oh, thank God.
Oh, I-I didn't get you killed.
That's so great.
Now our dad can stop
doing his anxious butt clenches.
So, how'd the interview go?
Did you get the job?
You joining
the burger-making nation?
Well, I ju... You may get a call
about someone
who used to work here,
and I-I just need you
to pretend you know
what they're talking about.
Is that Joe?!
What do know?
-Vincent?!
-Huh?
-Whoa.
What's going on?
[laughs] Wow, Vincent.
I love that you're here.
This is so good.
Should I go get the wigs?
So, yeah, Bob, this is Vincent.
Vincent, this is Bob.
And Linda.
And their... children.
We're the children that
you saw before, and also now.
-Hello again.
-Hi.
And I'm Joe, which we all know.
Okay, that's enough introducing.
So, Joe, you came by
to visit your old boss?
W-Wait, wh-what?
Yup. Sure did.
Can't keep me away,
can you, Bob?
Uh, y-yeah.
Yeah, look at us.
My old boss
and, hopefully, my new boss.
Don't you two fight over me now.
-[Bosco and Louise laugh]
-[Linda chuckles awkwardly]
Uh, one Burger of the Day,
for-for you.
Thank you, Bob. Looks great.
Oh, hey, Bob, uh...
Will you show me your,
uh, spatula
-that you were talking about?
-What-what?
You know, you know,
the-the cool one, uh,
that you got that you
really wanted to show me.
That one, remember?
Oh, okay.
I kind of want to see
this spatula.
[Bob]
Why is the jewel thief
in my restaurant?
It was going sort of bad.
I said that
"I don't know how to do it,
I just do it" thing you said.
That's not what I said to say.
And then, he was like,
"The place you used to work
"isn't around anymore.
-Did you work anywhere else?"
-So you said here?
Yes, and he really liked that.
He-He's heard of you.
So, do you think he's on to us?
Just... [stammers] I'm not sure.
Maybe he just decided
he had to eat at Bob's Burgers
right away, right?
Or he thinks I'm a cop
and you're the guy
who helped the cop,
and he's here to feel it out
and maybe kill both of us.
It's hard to know.
-Oh, my God.
-Bob, just keep it
together, Bob.
We just got to keep it together.
Oh, like how you
blurted out the name
of my restaurant
at your interview, Joe Josephs?
You see? This is why
I couldn't work here anymore.
You never supported me.
Uh, great spatula, Bob.
So glad we went
to go look at it.
I'm gonna seriously consider
getting that one for myself.
Yeah. Y-You should get one.
-Then you can flip
each other off.
-Gene.
Uh, so, uh, h-how's the burger?
It's amazing. You are an artist.
Oh, uh, thank you.
Uh, that's, uh,
how I taught Joe, also, too.
To-to be that-that way.
Ha. Yeah. I just do...
what you do. How you do it.
-Yup.
Uh, Tina, Gene, Louise,
how-how would you like to go
play your Hide the Pickle
game upstairs?
Doesn't that sound fun?
Dad, the pickle
is still hidden down here.
Uh-huh, sure, uh,
but maybe you could just use
a different pickle
that's in the upstairs fridge?
Y-Yeah, yeah.
-Whoa.
-[gasps]
-A different pickle?
Do you hear yourself right now?
-Yeah, seriously, Bob?
-So, Joe,
visiting the old
stomping grounds, huh?
Oh, yeah, visiting
the place that I worked in.
And, uh, there was that spatula
question I had for Bob.
-You know, chef stuff.
-[Gene] Spat chat.
-[door bells jingle]
-Oh, no.
-Hey. Teddy.
-Hey, Teddy.
-[Louise gasps]
Teddy knows Bosco.
-He'll ruin everything.
-Oh, no.
I-I... Remember,
I told you guys to put a menu
or a hat on my stool?
Bob, what happened?
Putting a man there
is not saving it.
Every other seat is empty.
What happened?
Nothing against you, sir.
Uh, nothing against...
You seem fine, but...
One Burger of the Day,
please, Bob.
Uh, to-go, though, right?
Right. Wait, what?
Uh, you're-you're getting
this to-go.
You called earlier
and you said you'd swing by
and pick up a burger to-go.
I did? I don't remember
doing that.
Oh, God, what else did I do?
Uh, I'll go, I'll go
make it right now.
Linda, maybe, uh,
you should chat with Teddy.
He seems like he's... you know,
he want, uh, wants to chat.
Uh, love to chat
with Teddy. Uh...
-Teddy, you got new pants?
-I don't know.
They're not new,
but there's something new.
-Turn this way.
-Oh, yeah, there's a swagger.
-I see it.
-There's a swagger?
Oh, almost done.
You know what?
This one's on the house
since you, uh, since you're
thinking about hiring Joe, here.
No. No, no, no. Please.
On the house, what? Hi.
-Hey. How you doing?
-Wait, who's Joe?
-Hey, it's, uh--
-[Bob] Burger's almost ready,
Teddy!
Not pants, shoes!
-What?
-New shoes. Isn't that it?
Yeah, scuffed-up work boots.
You must have paid
a pretty penny for those.
Good scuffing. Nothing worse
than a bad scuff job.
[whistles] Must be nice.
So close.
Just moments away, Teddy.
Uh, I know you're in a hurry.
-Funny vibe in here.
-Nope.
-Normal. Nor-Normal vibe.
-Yeah, I don't see it.
Are you good?
Uh, can I clear that?
[groans] Almost there, Teddy!
It's, like, exciting,
but you only have two customers.
-Three.
-Well, he's not a customer,
of course, Teddy.
-[Teddy] Huh?
-Joe. Joe's not a customer.
Done! Mm.
Uh, hot off the grill.
Here you go.
Get this home
as fast as possible.
Uh, y-you know, you want to,
you want to eat it hot, right?
It's a burger.
I could eat it right here.
No, no, you have those plans.
It's fine, we get it.
You know what?
-This one's on the house, too.
-[door bells jingle]
-It is? This is free?
-We hate money.
We're post-capitalists.
-See you soon, buddy.
-Okay.
-Uh, bye, everybody.
-[door bells jingle]
Well, uh, glad you came by.
N-Nice to meet you.
Love this. You all getting
a chance to meet.
You know, I just... This is
kind of a golden opportunity.
I feel like I can't pass it up.
Oh, yeah? Uh, what's that?
I mean, we can kind of complete
the interview right now.
I've had Bob's amazing burger.
You're here. I want
to taste one of yours.
Oh. Um...
Well, sure.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
[whispers]
Use the special spatula.
Okay, here I go then,
into the kitchen,
where the grill is.
[Bob]
Y-Yeah, you don't,
you don't have to say that.
Bye-bye.
Well, I'll just, uh,
take this, um...
Oh, the cup. [chuckles]
Back into the kitchen.
And, uh, and w... and wash it.
Yeah, sure, but no coaching.
This is a tryout.
No way. Why-- Wouldn't-- Yeah.
I get it. I... [stammers]
You don't need to,
with-with Joe.
He's so good. Joe Josephs.
[faucet running]
[whispering] Get the patty
out of the fridge
and season it
with salt and pepper.
[whispering] Right, right.
Where's the salt and pepper?
-Above the grill
with the spices.
-Salt is a spice?
Oh, my God,
we're gonna get murdered.
Oh. Uh...
I got to help Bob with that cup.
Uh, in case he breaks it.
Yeah, you know chefs, so clumsy.
Bob, I got an idea.
The to-go burger.
Oh, but I got to hurry,
so I don't miss Teddy.
What? [screams] I mean, ah...
That's such a good amount
of salt to use.
Teddy, I need you to come back
-with your to-go bag.
-[Teddy over phone] What?
I-I-I know it sounds weird,
but-but come back as fast
as you can and bring the burger
and meet me
in the back alley, okay?
It's, um, we want to make you
a different burger.
Can I eat this one
and then you can also
make me another one?
[Linda over phone]
No, Teddy.
That one... it's no good.
Uh, it fell on the floor,
and then a fly sat on it
and-and a cockroach.
-It's not a deal breaker.
-Teddy, just come!
I forgot to ask you
how you'd like that cooked.
Medium, please. Thank you.
Medium. Got it. Just medium?
-Like, right up the middle?
-Right up the middle.
Middle-medium.
One Malcolm in the Middle.
Coming up.
Just gonna flip this bad boy.
Ooh.
-Oh-oh.
-Oh.
-Oh...
-Well, I just do it
how you would do it, you know?
Oh, thank God.
Give me the burger, Teddy.
Thank you so much.
-[grunting]
-I-I just... I just...
need this, Teddy. Let it go.
We're gonna make you
a special burger,
so much better than this one.
-When? Can I have it now?
-30 minutes.
Buy a newspaper or something.
A newspaper? What is this, 1986?
What am I gonna s-see how
Dukakis is doing in the polls?
Teddy, trust me. Go!
Ugh! Fine.
[whispering]
Bob, Teddy's burger.
It's untouched, mostly.
Bag's warm.
-Ha. You're a genius.
-Oh, I know.
Just gonna put the patty
on the bun. Whoops. Whoops.
Whoops. Line it up
a little better there.
The cheese is melted, right?
Yeah, yeah. It is.
It's totally melted.
Okay. Go ahead and sit down.
It's taste test time.
-The best kind of test.
-What are you doing?
I'm switching it out,
so he eats my burger.
Wait, what?
But I think I did pretty good.
And I just, I worked
so hard for this.
Are you kidding me?
Okay. Here's the burger.
-Enjoy.
-Oh, looks good.
Yeah it does.
Nice one, Uncle Joe.
All right, all right, all right.
Don't make a big deal.
-He's modest and grumpy.
-Uncle Mumpy.
♪ ♪
-It's delicious.
-[all sigh]
Oh, good.
Oh, I-I mean, oh,
food is, uh, is good.
Oh, my God, I got to say,
Joe, I kind of thought
you were, like,
-not a chef at all.
-[laughter]
-Not a chef. This guy?
-Such a chef.
-Uh, but, uh, I feel like maybe,
you know, your style
is just unconventional
because you had such
an unconventional teacher.
I mean, the way you cook,
honestly, it makes no sense
and, frankly, defies everything
I know about food,
but maybe that's just 'cause
I have more to learn.
Thanks. I guess.
Glad you liked it.
So, do I get the job or what?
Joe, I think I found
my new chef.
-Great.
-Nice.
-All right.
Well, I better get going.
I'll give you a call tomorrow.
Bob, Linda, kids,
it's been a true pleasure.
Who's your favorite?
-Uh, I liked the Teddy guy.
-Damn it.
I hope I can feed you all
at my place sometime.
-Ooh, what do you serve?
-Um... burgers?
Oh. I was hoping it was kabobs.
-You're my least favorite.
-[groans]
-[door bells jingle]
-[phone rings]
-What is it?
-Oh, my God.
This is a nightmare.
It's never gonna end.
We have to actually teach him
how to cook
or he's gonna blow it
on his first day,
which is what, tomorrow?
Oh, Bob, we'll figure it out.
We got this far.
-We could be undercover cops.
-You could.
I-I'm missing something.
Louise, we won, but we lost
'cause Bosco's
really got to cook now.
We switched the burgers.
That one was mine.
I don't have to cook. It's over.
-Investigation's over.
-[others] What?
That was the chief.
Vincent's not our guy.
They got a match
on partial fingerprints
we found at the scene.
Someone else on file.
So, they're arresting that guy
for the heist.
-So you can turn down the job?
-Yup.
I'll tell 'em
I broke my arm tonight
doing something really cool.
Is Rollerblading cool?
Visor or no visor?
I honestly don't think
I could've cut it anyway.
You have a really stressful job.
I mean, I've been shot at,
stabbed, planted a ton of drugs,
but I-I think I'd rather
do my job than yours.
Oh. Thanks?
Wait a minute, fingerprints
from another criminal
were at the scene?
Fingerprints?
From another criminal's fingers?
Don't you guys get it?
Is it something
about fingerprints?
He used someone else's
cut-off finger
to put their fingerprints
at the scene.
-Nah.
-Yeah. Uh, V-Vincent
wouldn't do that.
He-he-he called me an artist.
I'm right. I solved this case.
You guys are dumb.
You couldn't even
find the pickle,
and I hid it right
under your faces, right here.
Wait, where is it?
Still got it.
-[all scream]
-I couldn't wait, Linda!
I just want a burger. Burger!
♪ ♪
Captioning sponsored by
BENTO BOX ENTERTAINMENT
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org